GenAI Usecases 


Generating marketing/sales content (e.g., blogs, proposals, articles, etc.)
Project management (e.g., optimizing timelines, resource allocation)
Impact assessment (e.g., modeling the impact of activities, helping companies plan and implement mitigation strategies)
Administrative tasks (e.g., messaging, notes, scheduling, transcribing)
Graphic design and content generation/modification (e.g., logo generation, characters, animations, visual effects, automated dubbing, creating detailed environments and worlds, etc.)
Cybersecurity threat detection
Sales and marketing funnel management (e.g., optimizing campaigns, identifying prospects)
Personalized customer communications (e.g., automated customized emails, etc.)
Content categorization (e.g., auto-tagging and indexing media libraries, identifying medical or insurance codes, product descriptions, etc.)
Generating code

Summarizing documents or information (e.g., key points from a document, call summary, etc.)
Product design and prototyping
HR screening
Layout optimization (e.g., retail planograms, circuitry planning, network planning, etc.)
Innovating and modeling new ideas (e.g., drug discovery, new product ideas)
Chatbot for internal employee use (e.g., to search internal documentation, information, etc.)
Creating training scenarios (e.g., creating virtual scenarios in which to simulate skills, emergency responses, etc.)
Customer feedback analysis
Personalized customer experiences (e.g., health or diet plans, personalized medicine, customized service bundles, personalized travel itineraries, personalized education plans, virtual try-ons or tours, AI-managed portfolios, etc.)
Invoice automation

Supply chain optimization and management (e.g., route optimization, loading schedules, etc.)
Pricing optimization
Predictive maintenance (e.g., simulating wear on equipment, predicting failures, and optimizing maintenance schedules, outage predictions)
Data analysis and interpretation (e.g., analyzing data and generating documents and reports based on research data, metrics, behavioral data, or other data points, etc.)
Quality control and anomaly detection
Demand forecasting (e.g., simulating scenarios to predict future demand for products, aiding in inventory management and production planning)
Fraud detection and prevention (e.g., detecting fraud in financial services, healthcare claims/billing, etc.)
Language translations
Interpreting images (e.g., x-rays, images of a skin condition, detecting inappropriate content)
Chatbot/self-service for customer support (e.g., product help, searching documentation, etc.)



